
add the hover effect from this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tF3RE5CGt9U 

ADD footer that stays at the bottom of the page that contains linkedin and github link (for mobile, have these buttons 
in the hamburger menu) 
--or you can just have these buttons on the home page, that might actually look a good bit cleaner

for the projects, include super black jack, the terminal wheel of fortune game from the laptop, and you can 
definitely make a quick gas price calculator app with instructions (then within the page/app say an updated more improved version
with google maps api will be released soon for android and iphone) [THIS WILL BE YOUR FIRST REACT NATIVE PROJECT]


about: photo of binghamton, wcc, and wgu together
share how you started in premed, then computer science. interest in ios development while dabbling in cybersecurity for fun 


projects: 
super blackjack (development 70%)
- SNES/PlayStation style blackjack game, blending classic casino style game with yu-gi-oh. 
- "take a gamble each time you draw a card, clenching your teeth as you hope the next card deals the lethal blow to your opponent- or will 
it hurt you instead? in this game of super blackjack, its your risk tolerance. too hasty, meet an early demise. play your cards right, you 
might make it to the end... good luck"

wheel of fortune (development 100%)
- terminal wheel of fortune + hangman style game 
"guess the letters of the word before your friend plunges into the deep waters
-advertise a GUI potentially in the works

gas price calculator app (react native, first project)
- ever wondered how much a trip is going to cost you in gas? well look no further than here! Based on your car's MPG 
(can manually insert or use API but less reliable) set your destination and the app will tell you how much the gas would cost you to get there
need to split it with friends? no worries, built in calculator will let you determine how much gas each person pays!
- right now, just set this as "Coming Soon" 


After everything above is done, refactor it for mobile and you're basically 100% done
now you just have to start on the React Native gas app 